Hi, I'm looking for a dress to wear to a wedding. Can you suggest any styles?;Case1-consultation
I need some new work clothes. Can you help me find something professional but comfortable?;Case1-consultation
I'm looking for a gift for my friend's birthday. What would you recommend?;Case1-consultation
I'm going to a concert and want to stand out in the crowd. Can you help me find something unique?;Case1-consultation
I'm a bridesmaid in a wedding and need a dress that matches the color theme. Do you have any options?;Case1-consultation
I need to update my wardrobe for the new season. What's in style right now?;Case1-consultation
I'm going on vacation and need some beachwear. Can you help me find something flattering?;Case1-consultation
I'm going to a job interview and want to make a good impression. Can you suggest an outfit?;Case1-consultation
I need a formal dress for a black-tie event. Can you show me some options?;Case1-consultation
I'm looking for a pair of shoes that can be dressed up or down. Do you have any versatile options?;Case1-consultation
Hi, do you have the black leather jacket in stock in size medium?;Case2-availability
Can you check if you have any white t-shirts left in stock?;Case2-availability
I'm interested in buying the green skirt I saw online. Is it available in-store?;Case2-availability
Do you have any size 9 running shoes in stock?;Case2-availability
I saw a pair of sunglasses online that I really liked. Do you have them available?;Case2-availability
I need a specific style of dress for a costume party. Do you have it in stock?;Case2-availability
Can you check if the blue sweater is available in-store?;Case2-availability
I want to buy the denim jacket but it's sold out online. Is it available in any stores?;Case2-availability
Do you have any of the red high heels in stock in size 7?;Case2-availability
Can you tell me if the black jeans are available in the store near me?;Case2-availability
I'd like to order the pink dress I saw on your website. How can I purchase it?;Case3-order
Can I place an order for the blue sweater over the phone?;Case3-order
I want to buy the leather boots but they're sold out online. Can I still order them?;Case3-order
How do I go about purchasing the green skirt I saw in-store?;Case3-order
I'm interested in buying the white blouse. Can you help me complete my order?;Case3-order
Can I place an order for the gray coat through your website?;Case3-order
I want to order the black pants but I'm not sure if they're available in my size.;Case3-order
How can I purchase the blue blouse I saw on your Instagram page?;Case3-order
I'd like to order the red heels but I don't see them listed on your website.;Case3-order
Can you help me process my order for the striped sweater?;Case3-order
